It's Roy Snow
Stop stalking
Breeze
Now I have the eldest lady of the Luo family
How could I possibly miss you?
Don't be the eldest lady of the Luo family
shut up
A village girl actually questioned our Miss Luo
Get out of here and delay my son's engagement party
Ouch, Luo Yingxue
Where did you find the stinky security guard?
Trying to hit me?
It's just a little interest.
With the hurt you have done to me
Not worth mentioning at all
Luo Yingxue
You are determined to be funny today, right?
I just want justice.
Then break through this fake thousand catties
How does this person know I'm fake?
Does he know the real daughter of the Luo family?
No, we have to get rid of him as soon as possible
I can't let him expose my identity
Husband, get this stinky village girl out
He always questioned my identity
I don't want to see him.
Don't worry wife
I'm kicking him out now
Come
Kick out the silver selection department
Can't beat